readme.md, before:

# D&Discord Bot
## Installation
1. `gem install discordrb, mongo`
2. Put your token, client token, and valid channels into config.yml
3. `ruby run.rb`

## Completed Stuff
- Roll Dice
>	Start with 'roll', can chain together multiple dice and constants, for example:
>	`roll xdy + z`
- Create Player
>   Start with 'create player', starts a multi-line form:
	```
	Create Player
	D&D Bot: Name:
	Drizzt
	D&D Bot: Race:
	Drow
	D&D Bot: Class:
	Ranger
	etc...
	D&D Bot: Type yes to confirm, or a field name to edit
	yes
	```
- Load Player
>	Loads the player info into the party and links them with the user who enters the command. All player commands will be done to this player.
>	`Load Drizzt`
- Saving Throws
>	Start with player name (If DM), then 'saving throw' then the ability.
>	`Saving throw dexterity`

## Future Features (Hopefully):

### Database
- Players
- Party configs
- Spells, Features, Abilities etc. from PHB and other books
- Monsters and Creatures

### Character Management
- Roll/ Order ability scores:
	* Choose from either the standard set, standard rolling rules.
	* Then ask for order (write abilities from highest to lowest).
- Level player up, ask relevant choices about character stats/ subclasses.
- Export character sheet as pdf
- Manually manage player stats (DM override for missing functionallity)
- Skill and Saving rolls
	* Check DC of challenge (pull from list, modify based on conditions e.g climb rope is 5dc, +5 if windy)
- Add/Get Spells and Abilitys (Details from database)
- Manage player health, spell and ability uses


### Attacks and Spells
- Manually deal damage to players/ monsters (DM Override)
- Attack rolls, specify attacker, defender and weapon (validate weapon is held by creature)
- Add/ edit custom Weapons and attacks to creatures/ characters

### NPC Generation/ Management
- Generate commoner/ noble NPC's (filter by race, social status, job, gender etc.).
	* Returns name, and maybe a personality trait or piece of backstory, potentially a profiecent skill or trade.
	* Jobs like bartender, blacksmith, guard, scout, apprentice, store owner.
- Add/ List creatures from the monster manual to the scene
- Customise/ create monster stats to add to database.

### DM Admin
- DM/ player edit and command permissions.
	* DM Private chat linked with party channel.
	* DM can choose whether the commands made in private chat are hidden or not (e.g. public rolls that the users don't get the outcome for)
- Group players into a party

Commit message:

Add, remove and list proficiencies

readme.md, after:

# D&Discord Bot
## Installation
1. `gem install discordrb, mongo`
2. Put your token, client token, and valid channels into config.yml
3. `ruby run.rb`

## Completed Stuff
- General Use
>	Command words and parameters are seperated by space, but multi word parameters can be grouped with double quotes e.g. `Proficiencies add skill "Animal Handling"`

- Roll Dice
>	Start with 'roll', can chain together multiple dice and constants, for example:
>	`roll xdy + z`
- Create Player
>   Start with 'create player', starts a multi-line form:
	```
	Create Player
	D&D Bot: Name:
	Drizzt
	D&D Bot: Race:
	Drow
	D&D Bot: Class:
	Ranger
	etc...
	D&D Bot: Type yes to confirm, or a field name to edit
	yes
	```
- Load Player
>	Loads the player info into the party and links them with the user who enters the command. All player commands will be done to this player.
>	`Load Drizzt`
- Saving Throws
>	Start with player name (If DM), then 'saving throw' then the ability.
>	`Save dex 10`
- Proficiencies
>	Add, remove and list proficiencies/ expertise for skills, saves, weapons, armour, and tools
>	Start command with 'proficiencies', then either 'list', or 'add'/'remove' followed by the category (listed above, in singular form e.g. 'weapon'), then the name of the proficiency.
>	Skills or tools players have expertise in are in their own expertise category, and will be automatically removed from their respective categories when added.
>	`Proficiencies list`
>	`Proficiencies add skill history`
>	`Proficiencies add expertise 'theives tools'`

## Future Features (Hopefully):

### Database
- Players
- Party configs
- Spells, Features, Abilities etc. from PHB and other books
- Monsters and Creatures

### Character Management
- Roll/ Order ability scores:
	* Choose from either the standard set, standard rolling rules.
	* Then ask for order (write abilities from highest to lowest).
- Level player up, ask relevant choices about character stats/ subclasses.
- Export character sheet as pdf
- Manually manage player stats (DM override for missing functionallity)
- Skill and Saving rolls
	* Check DC of challenge (pull from list, modify based on conditions e.g climb rope is 5dc, +5 if windy)
- Add/Get Spells and Abilitys (Details from database)
- Manage player health, spell and ability uses

### Attacks and Spells
- Manually deal damage to players/ monsters (DM Override)
- Attack rolls, specify attacker, defender and weapon (validate weapon is held by creature)
- Add/ edit custom Weapons and attacks to creatures/ characters

### NPC Generation/ Management
- Generate commoner/ noble NPC's (filter by race, social status, job, gender etc.).
	* Returns name, and maybe a personality trait or piece of backstory, potentially a profiecent skill or trade.
	* Jobs like bartender, blacksmith, guard, scout, apprentice, store owner.
- Add/ List creatures from the monster manual to the scene
- Customise/ create monster stats to add to database.

### DM Admin
- DM/ player edit and command permissions.
	* DM Private chat linked with party channel.
	* DM can choose whether the commands made in private chat are hidden or not (e.g. public rolls that the users don't get the outcome for)
- Group players into a party
